Well, good evening family or good
morning wherever you are.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
I'm going to just pray a little bit and
pray over New Year's Eve and
whatever
they want to talk
about. I'll answer some questions, I
guess. But we have one little thing that
will
show you what I believe is a
result of prayer. And I think that
God is so amazing to me as we see
the news before the news comes on. And
I want to say this:
we give all the glory to Jesus.
I
want you to know how much I depend on
him
and how much when people say, 'Bren, you
say I a lot.'It's just
speech.
It's not about me.
This is all about him.
And everything I do in word and in
deed,
I give all to the glory of God.
I hope you all know that. I can't make
this happen;
it's all the Holy Spirit.
I
don't know how else to
say it. There's no possible way to do
this in the natural.
It's all the Holy Spirit. And so
it's such an honor that he would even
look my direction
and want me to even pray and do this on
a
live stream and pray with y'all and
do this YouTube channel like we do. And
it's been amazing. We went back and
looked at all the things that the Lord
has told us to pray over this year.
And oh, what a year we've had
as we get ready to close out this
beautiful year. There's only four days
left
and
I'm just so grateful for every single
one of you.
There's so many of you that
have been so faithful in coming
and watching. Some of you
showed me what YouTube
gives you—what you watch
the most at the end of
the year—and
I was in your top percentage of
everything that you watch on YouTube.
I thought, 'What an
honor.'It's
all about Jesus. I know you're not
here to watch Brandon;
you're here because we pray and
I believe we're going to get
results. I believe the power of prayer
changes things and so do you, or you
wouldn't be here either.
But
that's
pretty amazing, huh?
So in New Orleans,
that was one of the major
highlights and we'll go over that. I
feel in my spirit to go over
what the Lord showed us.
He pointed out the night we
went right in and I was getting ready to
take communion. If
anybody
remembers watching that video,
the moment I was getting
ready to take the blood,
I went into the spirit and I saw
New York again.
I saw the flash;
it looked like drones. It
looked like some kind of a drone attacked.
I heard
people screaming
again. I heard women screaming.
It was at the point where
I heard the
song
'Imagine'playing.
I remember
in the vision everything was so clear. I
could see the flash, but I don't know
what would cause something of that
magnitude of a flash.
As
we were praying, then I was taken
to New Orleans and the people—it was
down Bourbon Street. I could see Bourbon
Street again. I could see people with
black hoodies on,
and it was where
the horse and the church in the
background was, and where they sell
beignets
by the river right there.
He specifically brought up the Sugar
Bowl on New Year's Day
to pray over. I believe it's New
Year's Day, either the first or the second,
but I believe it's the first.
Oh, the Sugar Bowl.
Yes,
the first.
Praying over the Sugar Bowl in New
Orleans. But isn't it interesting that
they even bring it up and
they're asking for help because they're
getting tips?
Did he say
they caught somebody down there?
They said they had a threat.
I heard that. It
actually sounded like they found
somebody.
I was trying to follow
because
that was the first time I'd seen that, and
I was like, 'Hey, it looks like they
got one.'And so I believe that's
the beginning of an unraveling. This is
what we're praying over.
Can you play that one more
time? I just wanted to hear that. I
was trying to catch that because I
never heard it.
I was like,
'Wow.'So
they stopped somebody at border
patrol,
an extremist. So that's kind of
interesting.
I wonder what it has to do with New
Orleans. But you know, I thought,
when the Lord spoke to us
specifically about
semi-trucks
running into crowds,
it wasn't vans.
It was big trucks, like big dump trucks,
trying to use
a big duty
truck—a
big, big truck.
Not like these little,
you know, like a little Hyundai or
something. I'm talking about this truck
was armored and it was ready.
And it goes back to what the Lord showed
us. You know, I was praying over
the
fifty-gallon
drum vans
with all of the fertilizer, and the Lord
kept telling us, 'Remember Timothy
McVeigh?'Sorry,
I keep itching my nose.
I've been outside in the yard praying,
and
the
dirt and stuff makes me
itch. I
even
got dirt all over my fingers
because
I was playing in the dirt.
I love nature.
The Lord was reminding me of
everything that he showed us this time
last year concerning the inauguration
when we were praying for the
fifty-gallon
drums and I saw vans full of
fertilizer. And the Lord said, 'Remember
Timothy McVeigh.'I truly believe those
are not gone.
I truly believe the fertilizer and all
the things that the Lord showed me, from
the detail of the money exchange
coming from overseas from a
certain country funding this—that this
was a
multi-million
dollar operation that didn't just go
away.
I saw those vans full of fertilizer,
black barrels full of fertilizer.
There were huge barrels all in the
back, and then I saw dump trucks
full of fertilizer.
And the Lord said, 'Remember Timothy
McVeigh.'So
as I was in the yard today,
I was still praying and interceding for
those dump trucks and those vans.
And
I'm telling you all that we should be on
heightened
alert. You should pray.
I don't know when,
but
the Lord said it would be a Red Dawn
experience. He keeps bringing those
things up to me. Praying over the storm,
the enemy within,
an infiltration into our
homeland security kind of stuff. Praying
for our FBI. Praying for our
local law enforcement. Praying for our
churches
because the Lord brought it up. He said,
'Don't forget, Bren.'He brings
all these things to me. And Diana,
thank God for her taking notes.
She keeps all those notes for me
and writes all the things down that the
Lord tells us—even about
casing churches, casing amusement parks,
praying over Disney World, praying over
Las Vegas when I saw the major truck
driving down. And then there was
actually a knifing in Paris.
Braden
told me that, well, we saw
that because there was not a
lot of access to firearms, they
would have knifings. I saw slashers
in vans going down the road and
jumping out and going into major crowds
and just going after
people.
I saw three men in particular going into
a public area in France.
So we pray for those things. We saw
somebody already with this identical
style of attack.
I don't know if she made
it—the
person
he cut up.
Well, we pray they did. But
this is the kind of
stuff the Lord's been warning us about,
and it was in Paris, the exact place we
prayed over.
So, did it happen with a van? No. But
this is exactly what: 'French police
arrest suspect after three stabbings in
Paris metro attack.'So he was in a
train.
He's doing it the same way the Lord
told us they were going to.
"Where
are
my
children?"They
were
running
through
the
streets
looking
for
their
kids.
They had
pictures;
they had everything in their hands. "Do you see him?
Do you know where he is? Have you seen him?"And
they were asking everybody, "Have you seen him?"This was going on because all the children from the age of 15 down to newborns were completely gone. I asked the Lord about that. He said that is the age of accountability. Then he said, "Brandon, all the others who don't know me will be left."I saw all of this that I'm showing to you. Go ahead, you can play some of it. I filmed it because the town we lived in at the time is where I was taken
to
in
the
future.
I
want
to
show
you.
This is a football field that's right down from the courthouse. Everyone brings their Bibles in because the Antichrist tells everyone they have to bring their Bibles to the courthouses. At the courthouse I showed you down that street, where I was at the beginning of it, they later bring all their Bibles, and there are stacks
of Bibles everywhere. The Antichrist forces you to, and then they bring them to this football field right here. It's called Jelsma Stadium. They burn them by the tens of thousands, stacked a story high—a huge fire in the middle of this field. You see that green field? That's going to be one in the future.
I saw it
burning,
full of
Bibles.
This is a video I made several years ago. It’s a bowl-like stadium, really deep, and
it shows how big the stack of Bibles is. It's similar to when Hitler
burned all the books and Bibles. You saw it during Indiana Jones, and that’s
similar to what I saw when I was standing with Jesus when they burned
them. I saw the smoke go up for miles. You can see it from
all around. That will come in the future. It's coming, I'm telling you. I'm
just letting you all know it's time to get right with Jesus before it's too late. If your heart's not right with Jesus, you need to repent today because a time is coming shortly when you won't have time to repent anymore. It's over. Jesus Christ is coming. I'm just telling you all, I just want to be real with you; it's time to get real with God because Jesus is coming and the rapture of the church is going to take place. Show this again, son. You can show it better from the front. That's the courthouse where they bring all the Bibles in the future. You're mandated by the Antichrist with that flag; he's going to have his thing on there to have that done. You will see that eventually. Here's another building from the Freemasons. This is another building that you will see during the tribulation. They will have this building for the Antichrist and for his people. Watch, it will happen. Just remember I told you who gets left. I'm not trying to be sarcastic; it's just time to be serious. We're running out of time. There's a great revival about to happen on this earth. We're about to see a major outpouring of the Spirit of God and a billion-soul harvest. I'm telling you all, I've been in prayer, interceding for the things that are coming. I want to show you downtown where the people will come. Look at this pan of downtown. All these old brick buildings in this old historic town will be a major hub. I don't know why they pick here. I think it's because of the—do you see this flag? No, go back to the flag after he becomes Antichrist. This is where they worship every Friday at a certain time. He brings in his own flag. I'll try to tell you all what this flag looks like. He puts the five pillars of Islam as stars above the flag. I had my son create this flag out of what I saw when I was in the tribulation with Jesus. It's green, white, and black. They take those sickles and swords and wrap
them around the globe for the UN.
They take the five pillars of Islam and put them above, and everyone calls him the Mahdi. They worship him on Fridays. Everyone is required to come and praise him at this place right here on Fridays every single week. This is what
it
looks
like.
They are all in single-file lines on measured screens on the sides of buildings, and every single person is bowing down and worshipping the Antichrist on screens throughout the states with his flag on the buildings instead of the United States flag. They are all in white gowns. Now, show the building right here; it goes all the way around. This is the major temple where they will worship every Friday. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, it's
coming. It's hundreds of years old, but this is where they will go. They'll have massive screens on the side of this building so you can worship the Antichrist on Friday. If you
don't believe in the rapture and you want to be left here, you can come here and worship the Antichrist or you can go get your head cut off because that's what's going to happen. I'm not trying to be crude; I'm being real.
Let's turn right
here. These are
the grounds. There
was a
massive screen right
there, humongous. It
points out this
way and shows
the people
going that way.
This is a
massive building. These
are all the
grounds. The
lines will go
back and forth
across, and there
will be a
massive screen
on that brown
building. One day,
there will be a massive screen on that building and the people will worship that way. They come from everywhere around this area to worship him. See, and they have their Scottish Rite signs there, and they come here and have big meetings. See how big all the land is? Now I'm going to show you the courthouse. Remember, when I had the visitation from
the Lord, there was no Starbucks in the town. There was an old barbecue house, a Taco Bueno. I told Diana and the kids, "One day that building will be a Starbucks."When I went to the tribulation, there was a Starbucks there. Everybody said, "Brandon, they'll never be able to afford a Starbucks in this town,"because it was a little bitty town.
But
the Lord
said there would be a Starbucks
there because
I
saw it.
There was
lightning
all
above
the
Starbucks.
Over
the
years
they had
a
barbecue
house
there.
We're not
there yet. I pray
for a lot of people, maybe. I don't know.
I pray
for
the supernatural wealth transfer. A
lot of people say, 'Brandon, what
qualifies this for the wealth transfer?'and
I say,
'I believe it's
given, and it shall be given unto you.
Good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over will men give
unto your bosom.'I don't believe
people qualify automatically for the
wealth transfer unless they're
a giver—unless
you're sowing and tithing
to your church.
Why would God
be
obligated just to give you that if
you're not even
surrendered unto Him?
If you don't tithe and give
your first fruits and your offerings to
the church, bless your local church,
and help your pastor
out—if
you're stingy with what you have
and not even trying to help
out—I
don't understand why you
would even think
God's going to give you a creative idea
whenever you don't even help
with what you have.
What qualifies you to think that?
'Well, it's just grace,
brother.'That
doesn't even line up with spiritual
law.
The Bible says 30, 60, and 100-fold, but
people think they qualify when they don't
even have the seed. You don't even have
the crop-ability
or
the
harvest-ability
to reap that.
I always put the seed
in the ground,
and we always do a sacrificial gift at
the beginning of
every year.
Whatever the Lord lays on
my heart as the head of the house to
do, I say, 'We're going to give this
ahead of time and we're believing
God.'This
is above the tithe; this is an
offering
above the offering, and we're going to
do whatever we can do, Diana. We're
going to pray over it as a family.
Every year, I sow for the fruit
above the tithe,
believing for overflow for the year.
I look at what that seed will
produce by 30, 60, and 100-fold.
If it does that, then I can
believe for that number.
Say you sowed a certain
amount—I'm
not good
at math,
y'all—but
say you sowed a
hundredfold
of $1,000.
Once
you get that money and you're
believing, you have
spiritual authority and spiritual law to be
able to call that in and ask God to
bless it.
'Father, I thank you that you give me
creative ideas to bring in that money.
Father, You said in Your word that
You rebuke the devourer for my
sake.'But
people are trying to have a
spiritual lottery
for something they don't even have the
seed in the ground
for.
It's all by what the Bible says. You
can't go off what some preacher says
on TV who thinks, 'Well, if you sow this,
you'll
have a
miracle.'I
believe God is a miracle-working God.
I do. But the law of seedtime and
harvest
is:
whatsoever a man sows, that will
he
also reap. You can't call in a harvest
of
something you don't have the
seed in the ground for.
How can a farmer do that?
If seedtime and harvest never
ceases—whatever
the Law of Genesis talks about
when
it says everything produces after its
own kind—what are you sowing?
A farmer goes out and puts
a half-acre field out there, but
he's believing for five acres. That
would
be real stupid, wouldn't it?
'Well, I sowed it, honey, in that first
acre,'but
we're going to pray as a family for
the whole five acres to come, even though we
only planted and sowed for one.
That's what a lot of the body of
Christ does.
I think
it's sad. People perish for a
lack of knowledge, but everything is produced according
to law.
How is it multiplication when the
Bible says 30, 60, and 100-fold?
'Well, I'm believing for a
million-fold.'Come
on, man.
The Bible doesn't even say a million-fold.
The
Bible says a thousand-fold:
some 30, some 60, and some 100-fold.
You have
way-out-there
La-La Land faith,
but if you don't have the seed to
believe for that,
it all goes by spiritual law.
People try to give you all this
pie-in-the-sky:
'Well, I'm going to
get this, and it's going to
happen.'I
believe you can sow, and you have a
right to call it in on what you sowed.
The multiplication comes by what
you've sowed.
That's what I believe.
Now,
when
you get the harvest of that and you
believe God, you keep
believing and you sow your $10 or
$100—that's
consistency;
it adds
up real quick.
But people get off
into
weird things,
and you can't even add
spiritual
backing behind it. All that you pray, you have
to
have
word-backed
prayers.
'If you abide in Me
and My words remain in you, you shall
ask what you will and it shall be
done.'But
the Word has to back
what you're praying.
If you don't have word-backed prayers,
it's just like saying, 'Twinkle, Twinkle,
Little
Star.'You're
not going to get
anything.
You must have
word-backed
prayers.
Find scripture that pertains to what
you're believing for,
but make sure you're practicing
what the Word said to do,
because you're not going to get what the
Word says you could have unless you're
doing what the Word
said to do.
People get
flaky,
especially in the charismatic circles.
You have
to be grounded
and find the Word to back what
you're believing for, but then do what
the Word told you to do in the first
place. Stay out of sin.
Faith works by love;
keep love a priority in your house. Take
communion. Fellowship with the
Father. Sow your seeds and believe for
the harvest. Now, where do you sow? You
sow into good ground.
'Well, I've been sowing into
Brother So-and-So, and I haven't
gotten
anything for the last five
years.'Then
stop doing it.
Use some wisdom.
If the farmer kept planting in that
ground, he's going to have to either put
some fertilizer in that ground to get
it to produce or something. People
try to ask me these things all the time,
and I
think
it's just common sense. If I want to sow
soybeans, I don't plant corn.
If I want a harvest of
cotton,
or maybe you wanted a really good
watermelon, you don't plant cantaloupe.
My mind just thinks
simply
about things, and I see it work.
I know what law is,
and I understand that a corn plant is
only going to produce so much corn.
So, you better plant a whole lot more
if you want a whole mess of
corn.
For the measure that you sow, that
will you reap. It's even scripture. If
you sow a thimbleful, you're going to
reap a thimble. If you sow a dump
truck, you're going to reap dump trucks.
If you sow a vineyard, you're going to
reap vineyards.
But people make it complicated and
think, 'Well, I'm qualified, so
XRP is going to make it happen for
me.'And
I go, 'Okay, but even if it did
and you put your money into it, are you
going to keep it? Will it be riches
without sorrow, or will you lose it
all?''Well,
I won the lottery,
brother.'But
that's just a game of chance. I'm
talking about walking in spiritual
authority and law.
I don't believe in chance. I don't play
the lottery.
I don't do scratch-offs. Back in
the day,
it was
fun—every
once in a while, I'd go,
'Oh yeah, they got that $5
scratch-off
ticket,'and
if I won something, I'd take the kids
out and get an ice
cream—but
I don't look at
games
of chance. I put my hand to something,
and
whatever I put my
hands to, the Lord blesses.
I don't look for
a
mailbox mentality faith.
I'm
always looking for a miracle in the
mailbox.
Whatever I put my hands to will prosper.
I ask God to bless my hands.
I ask God to bless my mind. Show me,
Lord, where to do things. And I'll be
driving down the road—I kid you not, it's
something
we talk about all the
time—and
I'll be praying in the Holy Spirit.
He says, "You see that land right
there?
It just came up for
sale."And
in the natural, I know I
can't buy it. I don't have it. But He's
talking to me about things, stretching
me,
making me believe for more.
And in the natural, the money is not there
to buy it, but He talks to me about it.
He says, "Brandon, that piece of land
right there in the next couple of
years is going to be worth tens of
millions of
dollars."I
said, "Wow,
that's awesome.
Praise God. It's worth a million dollars
right
now."So
I look it up and sure enough,
a
couple of years later, just like He
said, a developer bought it. He put
houses on it. It's worth tens of
millions
just like the Lord said.
And I look at those things and I
grow. It helps me to grow because I
realize it helps get that trust level up,
because one day He's going to talk and I'm
going to
have the money and I'm going to
buy that land. I'm going to do what He
said, and you can take it
to the bank. God will bless your hands.
Why? Because I practice His presence.
I don't look to Him as
a genie in the bottle. "Oh God, Holy
Ghost,
you're
like my genie in a little bottle right here.
My oil.
Tell me what it is. Let me have the
lottery numbers,
lucky
snake eyes 77 or whatever."And you got it.
"And
Lord, we're going to make
it."No,
it's
flaky.
I look at it. I sow the seed. I say,
"Father, I spend time with you."And
in the
least expected times and in unlikely
ways, He talks.
I'll
be outside in the yard pulling
weeds—and
I don't have weeds right now
because
it's winter,
but I'd still go outside
and even move a rock around,
just sitting out there. That's what I did
today. I
sit
out there and I listen
because He'll talk whenever your mind is
off of your problems.
Think about how you can pray for
somebody else today.
Think about how you can maybe pray for
your loved ones. Like I was
praying for my mom and my dad; they're
going through hard times. You listen
to people and you
take your eyes off of yourself for a
minute and pray for somebody else in
their need, and God will speak to you
and He'll correct you a lot of the
time.
He'll correct me: "You
shouldn't have said that.
None of your business.
You don't need to say that."And I wasn't
even looking for what He said.
But He'll talk in the most
unlikely way. You'll be
like, "Well,
look at that.
I wasn't even asking for that. But thank
you."And
I don't just cast it aside. I listen
to it and I take note of it. I get my
phone out and I use the voice recorder
because I look at everything He
says as precious.
No matter if I was looking for the
answer or not, I take those times
to
go, "Thank you, sir. Thank you,
Father. Thank you for taking the time to
correct me. For you correct those that
you
love."And
Father, you'll teach me how to make
the bigger money when I can handle it.
If I'm not able to handle it and it
would destroy me and cost me my marriage
or cost me my children, then
Father, I thank you that you build the
character in me.
But if I don't have the character to
handle it,
then Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
create in me a clean heart, that I'm able
to do what I need to do,
and thank you, Lord, that I'm a good
steward of what you've given me. And you
can stretch this dollar until
it looks like a rubber band,
or the quarter, or whatever you've got.
But I know that if I can sow my
offering into good ground,
into your church where you're
going—and
if your church doesn't have
good ground, why are you going there?
I always check it. Check the ground.
Check the pastors. Check it
first. Tithe and then sow.
But don't dump your load of
seed into something
until you at least check the ground to
see where you're sowing into.
And if you start seeing a turnaround
and you start seeing increase, then you
give a little bit more
and you sow a little bit more. But then
if you see a cankerworm on it,
first check your heart.
Check your marriage. Make sure there's
no strife, because faith works by love.
Keep the main thing the main
thing. Keep the relationship vertical. If
you
go horizontal and look at all this other
stuff,
it's not always the church's fault.
You've
got to make sure that you're in the
right place at the right time doing
exactly what He asked you to do and
sowing where He tells you to sow, being
obedient. For instance, I was going to
sow my seed for my sacrificial gift
this year, and I was going to give it
back at Christmas time to the
minister,
and
the
Lord said,
"No."I
said, "Why? You don't want me to give
it all?
I'll give it somewhere else because, Lord,
I want to bless your ministry.
Let me do this. You don't want me to
do
that?"He
said, "Not
yet."I
said, "But I'd like to get it in there
and celebrate at
Christmas."Just
celebrating You because I'm giving it
to You. I don't give it to the minister;
I give it to Jesus because it's His.
I don't give it for kudos from the
person;
I give it to Jesus so He goes, "Well
done,
Brandon."I
don't give it so they'll look and say,
"Well, thank you for that
extra money, sir. I appreciate that.
Oh, good job,
Brandon."I
give it so Jesus looks at me and says
it was the heart. Even if they don't
even acknowledge you, I gave it to Him.
It was His Christmas; it's His birthday.
I sow into the birthday.
Let me bless you with a birthday
present.
Why? The harvest of souls—that's all He
cares about.
He's the Lord of the harvest. So
he said to me, "No,
don't give it."And I thought, "Oh no,
there must be something wrong.
Am I in control or You?
When do you want me to give
it?""I
want you to do it on the 27th.""On the 27th?
Okay."So
I told Diana, "We're holding off
on that. We're not going to give it at
all."She
goes,
"I don't care, honey. We've
already talked about that. We're going
to sow. We're believing God for 2026.
Let's go and get it in
the ground. The faster it's in the ground, the
faster the harvest is."I said, "No, the
Lord said wait until the 27th."She goes,
"Well,
I know you hear the
Lord."That's
interesting.
So I
waited until I could do it today. And
I was so excited about it because I told the
Lord, "I'm giving it for my 2026
increase.
I'm believing for my 2026 increase. I'm
believing for our ministry to not have
any lack, not anything, and that whatever
you tell us to do to grow our ministry
in 2026, we're going to have more than
enough."So
I
sow
it.
I went today and I got to put it in
there. And I felt the
anointing all over it. And I pray over
it just like we always do. Anoint it
with oil,
pray over it, take communion,
release it by faith. We take it as a family,
all laying hands on it, praying over
the envelope as we put it in the
mailbox to go and deliver it
because I want it. David didn't give
anything that didn't cost him something.
Everything David gave, it cost him
something.
He even talked about it because they
were going to give the sacrifice and he
said, "No, no, no. It has to cost me
something. I'm only going to give
something that cost me
something."So
it makes your flesh squirm.
When it makes your flesh squirm, it's
uncomfortable.
And that's what we do.
And we do it every year. Some
years I go, "Oh God, I thank
you for
this."God
loves a cheerful giver.
So you help out the people that God
tells you to.
That's why I always say
it's easy for me to come at you and say
all this because we never ask for
anything.
I'm telling you this out of
instruction so you can learn.
And you say, "Brandon, it's
about your
ministry."No.
I'm not teaching you
this to sow to me;
I'm teaching this so that you'll learn
how to grow in your ministry and what God's called
you to do.
Do you understand? I hate
manipulation,
especially in churches
and
big ministries.
There
is
a lot of manipulation,
especially in the Word of Faith circles.
I look at it and say you can keep
it and use it for whatever
the Lord tells you to do.
I don't think a preacher should ever be
manipulating people. It's wrong,
especially using the platform.
Follow the Holy Ghost and do what He tells
you to do.
Mary said, "Whatever He tells you to
do, do
it."Obey.
Fill the water pots
with
water, and He turned the water into wine.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Don't listen to the man of God tugging
at your heart with emotional violins.
"Won't you help
me?"No,
keep your money.
Follow the voice of God for your life.
I do not like spiritual manipulation.
I've seen it done; I worked for some big
ministries. Don't do this. Don't give
out of emotion ever.
Give when the Holy Spirit tugs at
you.
Be spirit-led in your giving.
Listen to the voice of the Spirit of the
Lord concerning this. There are too
many
high notes on the organ
and you
say,
"I feel the Holy Ghost."No,
you
didn't feel
anything.
This isn't the Holy Ghost;
it's flesh, and you're being flaky.
I'm not going to be giving out of
flakiness.
I don't care how much you think you
need for your orphanage or your
project. You want to play a high note
on a key
on your organ to make me feel like I'm
feeling the Holy Ghost, and you
play the tambourine.
Sit down.
It's flaky.
You're
all excited and people
are
falling out.
It's flakiness, especially in the
charismatic circle.
Stop it.
I'm telling you all, when
you're led by the Spirit of God and
you listen to Him when He tells you
to give, and you're not emotionally
being fed some baloney, you're going to
reap, and God will
bless you.
Listen again and check it.
Ask your wife or your
husband if they feel this way. You may
not have a husband or wife, but follow
the Holy Ghost. He'll be your
guide.
Listen to
Him
and be led by the Spirit of God.
I'm so tired of charismatic
flakiness.
I've
seen it all.
People giving their last everything. My
mom and dad were all hyped
up in a service one time and gave our
only car away because they needed
the building fund paid off. It was our
only car,
brand new; my uncle bought it for my
dad. We were excited to have
it because it was a little
Cutlass.
My dad gave it away because there
was a
high note on the keyboard,
and we suffered. We were freezing in
the back
of a truck
all winter long
because we didn't have a car to get to
church
or school. My dad
got a camper from my grandparents, and
it was freezing
in the negatives. I sat back there with the
exhaust fumes, mad at
the church because they took my car since Dad
got hyped
up about someone giving.
I've seen it. I've lived it, and it's
flaky.
Don't give out of emotion;
give by the Spirit of God leading you.
People want to know my opinion about
it, and I tell you,
I've seen it all.
Some of the biggest people in the
biggest ministries have the biggest planes
and
biggest stuff. I don't care if
they
have it; I want them to
be blessed.
But never
work on an old lady's emotions to get
it.
Let it be spirit-led and God will bless
your hands.
That's my message.
There's a mic drop.
If you
listen to what I'm trying to tell you,
you'll walk in a greater
side of blessing and you'll have more
peace
instead of being ticked off at the
church
because
people are getting mad about
prosperity.
Just stay in the right lane.
Did
that help at all? Hopefully. I
talked too long,
but
it is what it is. Do
you
want to pray now?
I didn't have anything prepared, but
the Lord gave you that.
That came right
out of the Holy Ghost. I can feel the
presence of the Lord on it.
He helped me.
I just love Him;
He's my friend. There
is
too much flakiness in the church.
You've
seen it.
I know there's a lot of
corruption
going on in there, too.
I could call them all out, but God
would probably get mad at me, and I'd
never be on this platform again.
You'd
look at me and go, "Brandon,
what did you just
say?"because
there's a lot of sin in there.
Seriously bad stuff.
But they are held
accountable for it on the other side.
You think you got away with it,
but
you didn't.
You're going to be held accountable for
everything you thought you did in
private.
You're going to stand before the Lord
one day and give an account for
how you handled things.
To whom much is given, much is required.
I'm more scared for you
than anything. Some of you
are
in
trouble.
If people really
saw the stink behind the stage, they'd
say,
"Oh my
God."Seriously,
that's why Brandon just stays to
himself. I don't go into all the big
preacher circles.
I go where the Holy Spirit leads me.
He says, "Go here,
don't go there. Don't go
to that platform. Follow
my voice, son."I
asked,
"What about this one?"He said,
"That's where prophets go to
die."No
joke.
He said that's where
prophetic voices go to die.
When He said that, I got chills. I was
driving down the road. I told Diana,
"This is what He just
said."God
said, "I'm cleaning house in
2026."First
Corinthians 5:5 is going to become
manifest in a great capacity
for a lot of people. It's
for
those who
touch
the gold, the glory,
and the girls.
Judgment begins in
my house first. Great TV stations
will fall, and they will be no more soon.
You're going to see ministers that you
thought would be on platforms for the
rest of their lives who will be no more.
They'll be like Ananias and
Sapphira.
They're gone.
You're going to go, "What
happened there?"No explanation. They
just went.
Not all of them are bad; some
are just getting old and need to
go home.
But some will.
Over the next
three
years, you're going to see a lot of
new faces coming up—the new
Davids, the new Esthers—and you're
going to see platforms
explode seemingly out of nowhere.
You're going to go, "Where in the
world did they come
from?"It's
just the hand of the Lord using
them because they said, "Here am I,
Lord, send
me."And
you're going to see a lot of the
people that were somebodies
and
such-and-such be nothing.
It
will
be
just like Saul walking through when the
anointing was stripped away from him.
So,
he rises up a new David to take
the helm.
Will you be my new David? He says,
"Will you be my new person?
Here am I, Lord, send
me."But
if I can't handle it,
and I don't want to ever cause pain to
any of your people,
I don't want to be what I have seen.
If I don't have the character to handle
the anointing, if I don't have the
character to handle the platform, don't
give it to me.
If I'm going to hurt thousands and
thousands of people in the future and I
don't see it,
please.
Because it's like what I heard
Joyce say: the bigger the
platform, the bigger the level of how
many people you can hurt.
And I don't want to hurt people.
And that's why I say, "Lord,
create in me a clean heart."Help me stay
right with you.
Because it's staying
on that vine,
staying on that life source, that's going
to get you there.
It's whenever you separate yourself from
the life source that
the branch eventually dies. The
branch doesn't die overnight. Just like
it is if you prune a tree,
it dies over time.